#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Previous Research Work
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Intro
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Candidate, Kevin Speyer, holds years of experience performing research
 of polymer physics and Soft Matter by computer simulations and wrote of
 two publications in international peer reviewed journal.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In his Licentiate Thesis (MS equivalent), entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Simulation of simple liquids confined in soft channels
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, he studies a nanochannel with confining surfaces coated with grafted polymers.
 In this work, the interaction between the liquid and the grafted polymers
 is analyzed in equilibrium and in flow conditions.
 Special attention has been taken in the influence of the bending rigidity
 of the semiflexible polymers on the static and dynamical properties of
 the system.
 The interaction between the soft substrate and the liquid is hydrophobic,
 giving rise to a Cassie–Baxter state.
 Equilibrium properties such as brush height and bending energy were measured,
 varying the grafting density and the stiffness of the polymers.
 The characteristics of the brush–liquid interface and the morphology of
 the polymer chains supporting the liquid are studied for different bending
 rigidities.
 Non-equilibrium simulations were performed, moving the walls of the channel
 in opposite directions at constant speed, obtaining a Couette velocity
 profile in the bulk liquid.
 The molecular degrees of freedom of the polymers are studied as a function
 of the shear rate.
 Also, the violation of the no-slip boundary condition and the slip properties
 are analyzed as a function of the shear rate, grafting density and bending
 stiffness.
 At high grafting densities, a finite slip length independent of the shear
 rate or bending constant was found, while at low grafting densities a very
 interesting non-monotonic dependence on the bending constant is observed.
 This work was published in the journal 
\shape italic
Sofft Matter
\shape default
.
 REF[1]
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In another study, the candidate analyzed the a system composed of a liquid
 droplet in a nanochannel, coated with semiflexible hydrophobic polymers
 by means of nonequilibrium molecular dynamics simulations.
 The studied system is then a moving droplet in the slit channel, coexisting
 with its vapor and subjected to periodic boundary conditions in the flow
 direction.
 The polymer chains, grafted by the terminal bead to the confining walls,
 are described by a coarse-grained model that accounts for chain connectivity,
 excluded volume interactions and local chain stiffness.
 The rheological, frictional and dynamical properties of the brush are explored
 over a wide range of persistence lengths.
 We find a rich behavior of polymer conformations and concomitant changes
 in the friction properties over the wide range of studied polymer stiffnesses.
 A rapid decrease in the droplet velocity was observed as the rigidity of
 the chains is increased for polymers whose persistence length is smaller
 than their contour length.
 We find a strong relation between the internal dynamics of the brush and
 the droplet transport properties, which could be used to tailor flow properties
 by surface functionalization.
 The monomers of the brush layer, under the droplet, present a collective
 “treadmill belt” like dynamics which can only be present due the existence
 of grafted chains.
 We describe its changes in spatial extension upon variations of polymer
 stiffness, with bidimensional velocity and density profiles.
 The deformation of the polymer brushes due to the presence of the droplet
 is analyzed in detail.
 Lastly, the droplet−gas interaction is studied by varying the liquid to
 gas ratio, observing a 16% speed increase for droplets that flow close
 to each other, compared to a train of droplets that present a large gap
 between consecutive droplets.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The candidate work on a daily basis on large computation clusters, running
 coarse grain simulations in compiled languages, and performing post-processing
 statistical analysis with scripting languages (python, awk).
 He is familiar with various visualization tools for 3D atom dynamics (Visual
 Molecular Dynamics), color plots and data visualization (python, Xmgrace,
 gnuplot).
 He has experience in High Performance Computing, parallelizing code in
 non-trivial programs.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
